Remove cruft and ensure that the job related TODO comments are addressed (#4290)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/administration/upgrading/from-v1/upgrading-from-nautobot-v1.md

The `request` property has been changed to a Celery request instead of a Django web request and no longer includes the information from the web request that initiated the Job. The `user` object is now available as `self.user` instead of `self.request.user`.

### URL Changes

The Job url path `jobs/results/<uuid:pk>/` and url pattern name `job_jobresult` are removed. Use url path `job-results/<uuid:pk>/` and url pattern name `jobresult` instead. Any `extras:job_jobresult` references should be removed and be replaced by `extras:jobresult`.

The Job url path `jobs/<str:class_path>/` and url pattern name `job` are renamed to url path `jobs/<str:class_path>/run/` and url pattern name `job_run_by_class_path`. Any `extras:job` references should be removed and be replaced by `extras:job_run_by_class_path`.

> The Job url pattern name `job_detail` are rename to `job`. Any `extras:job_detail` references should be removed and be replaced by `extras:job`.

Reviewer: Mind changing `url` to `URL` throughout here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Job URL path `/extras/jobs/results/<uuid:pk>/` and associated URL pattern name `extras:job_jobresult` are removed. Use URL path `/extras/job-results/<uuid:pk>/` and URL pattern name `extras:jobresult` instead.

The Job URL path `/extras/jobs/<str:class_path>/` and associated URL pattern name `extras:job` are changed to URL path `/extras/jobs/<str:class_path>/run/` and the URL pattern is renamed to `extras:job_run_by_class_path`. Conversely, the Job detail view URL pattern name `extras:job_detail` has been renamed to `extras:job` for consistency with other object detail view URL patterns.
```

### Function Changes

> Changed `as_form_class`, `as_form` and `validate_data` functions on `BaseJob` Model to `classmethods`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Changed `as_form_class`, `as_form` and `validate_data` functions on `BaseJob` Model to `classmethods` so that they can be called directly from the class without needing to instantiate the Job in order to access them.
```

### Function Renames

`JobDetailView` is renamed to `JobView`.

`JobView` is renamed to `JobRunView`.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we should start a `v2-code-renamed.yaml` table to include these two items?
